! XEmacs
Emacs*EmacsFrame.default.attributeBackgroundPixmap:   ~/pic/beige.xpm

! ?Term resources
XTerm*foreground: white
XTerm*background: black
Aterm*scrollBar: false
Aterm*shading: 42
Aterm*transparent: true
Aterm*font: 7x14

! Xosview
xosview*title: ukkosta
xosview*captions: False
xosview*labels: False
xosview*usedlabels: False
xosview*borderwidth: 0
xosview*font: fixed
xosview*foreground: black
xosview*transparent: True
xosview*background: #e6e7d7

xosview*cpuFreeColor: #e6e7d7
xosview*cpuGraph: True

xosview*memFreeColor: #e6e7d7
xosview*memGraph: False


xosview*netBackground: #e6e7d7
xosview*netInColor: #b52222
xosview*netOutColor: #2233b5
xosview*netBandwidth: 150000
xosview*netDecay: False
xosview*netGraph: True

xosview*diskIdleColor: #e6e7d7
xosview*diskReadColor: #b5aeff
xosview*diskWriteColor: #b5aeff
xosview*diskUsedColor: #b5aeff
xosview*diskGraph: True
xosview*diskDecay: False
xosview*diskUsedFormat: percent

xosview*battery: False
xosview*gfx: False
xosview*net: False
xosview*page: False
xosview*disk: False
xosview*interrupts: False
xosview*load: False
xosview*swap: False
xosview*lmstemp: False
xosview*cpu: False
xosview*mem: False

